[Music]
[Applause]
hi Rosie friends its Julie and today I'm
going to talk about a little skincare
test kit that I use for the last couple
of weeks just to give it a try because I
found it at my local drugstore for five
dollars as you can see if this thing
actually zooms in on it at all there we
go and that is the a derma discovery kit
for hygiene and skincare routine it is
the anti dryness and anti kitchen it is
meant for a sensitive skin it is 100%
natural and organic it has real boat in
it which is 100% natural and organic and
it came with three products two of them
were cleansers two different types and
the other one is a moisturizer it has
the a derma EXO mega emollient cleansing
oil the Exile mega emollient foaming gel
and the X Omega sterile and moment
emollient cream those are easy to say so
you have it give so it I'll show you
what the box looks like there is
days.look two different options over
here for trying out the cleansers and
one over here for trying out the
moisturizer which I found super
interesting and I found it handy because
it meant that I could leave one cleanser
in my shower when I wash my face there
the other cleanser at the side of my
sink when I wash my face there and then
the moisturizer next to my sink because
I don't moisturize when I'm inside the
shower so that was kind of handy and the
products themselves this one is the
moisturizer it came in the little box
here and then the two cleansers were in
the little window there as they are
these size I still have some left this
was probably a month supply so that's
not bad at all especially considering
that this was five dollars to try so it
says that it's it's got these little
drawings at the bottom of the box it
says that it's appropriate for babies
children adults and seniors and
it's paraben preservative and fragrance
free it also has all these little
statistics on it this is like 8 out of
10 people think that Xcode gxo mega care
is better than their usual creams 91% of
patients experience overdo the reduction
in Qing so I thought with all of these
great things and a nifty price I would
pick these up for myself oh the other
thing that I found interesting about
that is that it's it says that it's
appropriate for both your face and your
body so I thought I don't really have
too much risk here because if I can't
use it on my face I can just use it on
the rest of me as a body wash or
something like that so I thought that
was pretty nice too so the first one
that I used was the the amoliant
cleansing oil and that one at first when
i dispense some of it into my hand i
could actually smell it smelled like a
fragrance i'm not sure if it actually
has fragrance in it or if it was just an
ingredient that smells like something
nope there is fragrance in it I can see
it right here it's not even a last
ingredient but um so it made me nervous
right off because I thought that it said
that there is no fragrance in it but it
was referring to just be moisturizer so
I thought I don't normally react well
the fragrances either my skin or myself
because I don't normally like to smell
the products on me I get headaches and
stuff like that from them but after I
wash my face with this I couldn't smell
anything at all so the fragrance didn't
bother me it definitely didn't irritate
my face this was able to take the
sunscreen off that I was wearing at the
time which I thought was really good
because I wear a sunscreen that's pretty
difficult to get off but this one was it
was really good I think probably because
it's oil-based it has really soft
feeling to it it just it just spends
this really easily in your hand through
it's got kind of a screw cap and then
this kind of opening and you just put a
little bit of it on my hands rub my
hands together and just sort of massage
my damp face with it until it climbs to
my face and then I rinse it off and
followed up with a moisturizer that was
okay but I really do prefer not to have
fragrances in the products that I use so
while that did do a good job and it
didn't hear my irritate my face at all
it really and I really do like using oil
type products so I was
it's very very interested in that one in
fact I was most interested in that one
it was disappointing that a head of
fragrance and I would preferred it not
so then there is the cleanser that I
used while I was in the shower you can
tell because the package is all wrinkly
and this is the foaming the emollient
foaming gel I didn't find this foamed
very much which is good because they
tell you not to use foaming cleansers on
rosacea anyway I was willing to risk it
but this is for a topic and very dry
skin also appropriate for face and body
and I found that this one didn't have a
fragrance in it if it did have a
fragrance I couldn't tell I couldn't
detect it it didn't film up all that
much which was fine with me and it did
cleanse quite nicely I needed to use a
large a surprisingly large amount of
this I felt like it didn't spread very
well that seemed weird to me but I don't
mind using a little bit more especially
when it's just a sample pack I feel like
I can be a little bit slightly more
wasteful should I be admitting that but
a little bit more wasteful with the
product and just really sort of put a
lot in if it seems like I need to use a
lot that I use a lot that said there is
still some left after two weeks it would
probably that one would last me probably
three and then finally oh and it did a
good job I never used it to try to get
some screen off but after regular
cleansing it did just fine and I didn't
have any adverse reactions to that
either so that was also nice and then
finally there is the moisturizer one
this I found actually was an average
kind of moisturizer it was a little
thicker than I would normally use in the
summer time I did experience a little
bit of a breakout not in my rosacea area
but on my chin I'm still recovering from
one now but that was made worse because
I had to wear sunscreen a lot and I
tried out some products that I some
other products that I didn't react well
to but um this one here I found was very
very hydrating which is good because
this is for dry to very dry skin but um
I actually liked the most was the super
unique kind of bottle
it looks like this and it's completely
flush so at first I was looking at it
and thinking how do you get this out
because it looks sealed and I was
wondering if there was something I was
supposed to be doing was I supposed to
be like poking that in to make a hole or
something like that
and then I squeeze the bottle and what I
found is that it raises up like that and
then the cream comes out and then it
flattens down so then you go like this
and it has resealed itself see I've
taken the cream off it's on my finger
it's resealed itself so everything
inside stays completely sterile all that
ever happens if you push stuff out it
never draws anything back in you don't
come in contact with the outside it
can't push some product out and then
suck it back in again like you're a
regular hole so I'll just put this on my
arm because you can use it on your face
and your body and I don't want to carry
it around on my finger anymore but yeah
so it um it is quite a an oily kind of
product but I did find that it absorb
nicely it did leave I could feel a layer
on my skin at all times so it didn't
completely absorb in but I did feel like
it had a nice barrier layer this was a
little heavy for me I think the reason
that I did get pimples occasionally from
it is because it's in the summer this
was slightly heavy for me for summertime
this would probably be a lot nicer for
winter I don't know if I'll be buying
this set again myself even in the winter
time just because I'm completely in love
with my current skincare routine that
I'm already using I've done videos on
that I can leave a link right here if
you want to check them out but I'm very
very happy with my regular routine but I
do like to check things out in case
there are things that I can tweak or
that I like more on things if I didn't
know about the products that I'm using
now in my regular skincare routine I
probably give these a whirl or buy them
again at least for another month and
another one of these kids just to try it
out because I am impressed that it
didn't irritate anything my face was
sued it was moisturize and things
especially in the winter I wouldn't
probably have breakouts from it
breakouts weren't bad it was just it has
been extremely hot and humid I've been
wearing a lot of sunscreen and even the
best sunscreens will cause a bit of
irritation when I apply them over and
over and over again
all during the same day but yeah so but
because this was as cheap as it was and
because I had high hopes at the time
that I would like this I thought I could
pick up more of these so that I can
share them with my rosy friends so
instead of buying one more I bought
three so I thought it would be fun to do
a giveaway where there are three winners
so here are the three kits that I am
giving away if you would like to try
exactly the products that I was just
talking about for free and you live in
Canada or the United States because this
is going to cost me and I'm going to
like to ship then please do tell me that
you would like to participate in this
giveaway by leaving a comment below and
let me know which of these products you
think you're going to like the most do
you think you'll like the oil cleanser
the foaming cleanser or the moisturizer
and I will do a random draw for the
three names and I will send these out
for free to you so that you can try them
as well and you are a winner of any of
my giveaways do feel free to let me know
if you liked any of the products because
I'm always curious about that because I
know that just because I like something
or don't like something it doesn't mean
that you will too we all have our own
unique skincare needs and expectations
and preferences so it is fun to hear
another person's take on all of these
things that I'm experimenting on the
whole time yep so because these were so
inexpensive and I could get them
conveniently and I was really hopeful
that I would like these and I did I just
bought out the store of all America so I
can share them with you Poppaea so I
hope you like this video I hope it was
informative I hope it was entertaining
and I hope that you want to participate
in the giveaway that I have going as
well if you did like this video please
give it a thumbs up that's the best way
for me to know that you're actually
liking what I'm making here and if you
want to see more videos like this one
and all the other ones where I try new
things or talk about different subjects
relating to Vaio's Asia I hope you'll
subscribe to my channel if you haven't
already I make new videos every Sunday
and most Thursdays and up in that I will
see you next time
[Music]